Passenger showcase (#348)
CodingTrain/thecodingtrain.com: content/pages/guides/passenger-showcase-guide.md

## Adding a Preview Image

> All showcase projects should include a thumbnail preview image! While it can be just about any resolution or aspect ratio (the site will resize and crop as necessary), the images will be displayed with a 16:9 aspect ratio so an image in "landscape" mode will look best. The format should be `JPG` or `PNG`, with a maximum width of 800px and file size of 500 kb. Name your thumbnail image with the same filename as your showcase submission (`contribution1.png`, `contribution2.jpg`, etc.). You can drag and drop the image file into the same directory to add it to the pull request!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All showcase submissions should include a thumbnail preview image! While any aspect ratio is fine (the site will resize and crop as necessary), the images will be displayed at 16:9 aspect ratio we suggest you upload a "landscape" image. The file format should be `JPG` or `PNG`, with a maximum width of 800px and file size of 500 kb. Name your thumbnail image with the same filename as your showcase submission (`contribution1.png`, `contribution2.jpg`, etc.). You can drag and drop the image file into the same directory to add it to the pull request!
```

Author: My only comment is there needs to be a period after ratio and start new sentence with We OR  "so"  in between ratio and we.
